### About ###
Swipe gestures with single finger.  

This add-on allows you to control the Firefox by drawing a gesture with
single finger. You can define gestures to switch tab, close/restore one,
move session, toggle fullscreen and execute many tasks.

##### How to setup #####

- Open the "Tools > Add-ons > Quick Gestures" page.
- Tap the "Open" button to find out all commands and default mappings.
- Tap to change these mappings as you wish, and input a gesture
  sequence that is composed of specific capital letters (UDLR),
  where "U D L R" stands for "Up Down Left Right" swipes, respectively.

If you want to fall back to default, please tap the red button at the
bottom of the preferences page.

##### Known problems #####

- This add-on does not work on the start page (about:home)
- The command layer may be hidden at the bottom of page due to
  overscrolling effect.
- This add-on does not work well on Firefox 22 due to its trembling
  or shaking scroll behavior. I recommend to tentatively use the other
  version like Firefox Beta (ver. 23). The beta version can be downloaded
  from the Google Play store.



### License ###
MPL/GPL/LGPL triple license  
See the `LICENSE.txt`.  

This add-on is created, inspired by some userChromeJS's mouse gestures
scripts,  
- MouseGestures2.uc.js (author: Gomita)
- MouseGestures#.uc.js (author: tkhren)



### ChangeLog ###
##### 1.2.4 (September 14, 2013) #####
- Fix: "Scroll Top" and "Scroll Bottom" commands work properly.
- Fix: The back button works properly after the last tab was closed with "Close Tab".
- and some bugfixes

##### 1.2.3 (July 18, 2013) #####
- Fix: Improve sensitivity to ignore unintended input

##### 1.2.2 (July 1, 2013) #####
- Fix: Fix the trembling scroll behavior on Firefox 22.
- Fix: Change the layer style

##### 1.2.1 (June 23, 2013) #####
- Fix: Fixed a spelling error

##### 1.2.0 (June 23, 2013) #####
- New: Gesture timeout feature
- New: Add new items to the preferences page

##### 1.1.1 (March 24, 2013) #####
- Fix: Improved gesture sensitivity
- and some bugfixes

##### 1.1.0 (March 1, 2013) #####
- New: Redesigned the customization page to resemble the Android Holo theme
- Fix: Improved gesture accuracy and its response
- and some bugfixes

##### 1.0.5 (January 27, 2012) #####
- New: "Clear Privacy Info"
- New: "Delete Cookies"
- New: "New Private Tab"
- Fix: Improved gesture accuracy  
- and some bugfixes

##### 1.0.4 (January 20, 2012) #####
- New: Reset to default button on the custom.xhtml  
- New: "threshold" options in "about:config"  
- Fix: Split to an external stylesheet  
- Fix: Improved gesture accuracy  
- and minor bugfixes.  

##### 1.0.3 (January 20, 2012) #####
- Fix: Not stop panning if a gesture is consists of only vertical(horizontal)
  characters.  

##### 1.0.2 (January 20, 2012) #####
- New: "Reload" command  
- New: "toast.visible" option in "about:config"  
- Fix: Stop panning while gesturing  
- Fix: Show an alert dialog if a gesture sequence is one character  
- Improve: Layer style  
- Improve: Localization  

##### 1.0.1 (January 16, 2012) #####
- Fix: issue that blank gesture cannot be applied.  

##### 1.0.0 (January 16, 2012) #####
- The first public version  

